shall the one who contends with the
shall the one who contends with the almighty correct him
almighty correct him
almighty correct him he who rebukes God let him answer it
he who rebukes God let him answer it
he who rebukes God let him answer it Banjo answered the Lord behold I am vile
Banjo answered the Lord behold I am vile
Banjo answered the Lord behold I am vile what shall I answer you I lay my hand
what shall I answer you I lay my hand
what shall I answer you I lay my hand over my mouth
over my mouth
over my mouth once I have spoken but I will not answer
once I have spoken but I will not answer
once I have spoken but I will not answer yes twice but I will proceed no further
yes twice but I will proceed no further
yes twice but I will proceed no further then the Lord answered job out of the
then the Lord answered job out of the
then the Lord answered job out of the world
now prepare yourself like a man I will
now prepare yourself like a man I will question you and you shall answer me
question you and you shall answer me
question you and you shall answer me would you indeed annul my judgment would
would you indeed annul my judgment would
would you indeed annul my judgment would you condemn me that you may be justified
you condemn me that you may be justified
you condemn me that you may be justified have you an arm like God can you Thunder
have you an arm like God can you Thunder
have you an arm like God can you Thunder with a voice like his then adorn
with a voice like his then adorn
with a voice like his then adorn yourself with majesty and splendor and
yourself with majesty and splendor and
yourself with majesty and splendor and array ourselves with glory and beauty
array ourselves with glory and beauty
array ourselves with glory and beauty disperse the rage of your breath look on
disperse the rage of your breath look on
disperse the rage of your breath look on everyone who is proud and humble him
everyone who is proud and humble him
everyone who is proud and humble him look on everyone who is proud and bring
look on everyone who is proud and bring
look on everyone who is proud and bring him low tread down the wicked in their
him low tread down the wicked in their
him low tread down the wicked in their place hide them in the dust together
place hide them in the dust together
place hide them in the dust together bind their faces in hidden darkness then
bind their faces in hidden darkness then
bind their faces in hidden darkness then I will also confess to you
I will also confess to you
I will also confess to you but your own right hand can save
but your own right hand can save
but your own right hand can save and look now at the Beermen which I made
and look now at the Beermen which I made
and look now at the Beermen which I made along with you he eats grass like an ox
along with you he eats grass like an ox
along with you he eats grass like an ox see now his strength is in his hips and
see now his strength is in his hips and
see now his strength is in his hips and his power is in his stomach muscles he
his power is in his stomach muscles he
his power is in his stomach muscles he moves his tail like a cedar the sinews
moves his tail like a cedar the sinews
moves his tail like a cedar the sinews of his thighs are tightly knit his bones
of his thighs are tightly knit his bones
of his thighs are tightly knit his bones are like beams of bronze his ribs like
are like beams of bronze his ribs like
are like beams of bronze his ribs like bars of iron he is the first of the ways
bars of iron he is the first of the ways
bars of iron he is the first of the ways of God only he who made him can bring
of God only he who made him can bring
of God only he who made him can bring near his sword surely the mountains
near his sword surely the mountains
near his sword surely the mountains yield food for him and all the beasts of
yield food for him and all the beasts of
yield food for him and all the beasts of the field play them he lies under the
the field play them he lies under the
the field play them he lies under the lotus trees in a covert of reeds and
lotus trees in a covert of reeds and
lotus trees in a covert of reeds and marsh the lotus trees covered him with
marsh the lotus trees covered him with
marsh the lotus trees covered him with their shade the Willows by the brook
their shade the Willows by the brook
their shade the Willows by the brook surround him
surround him
surround him indeed the river may rage yet he is not
indeed the river may rage yet he is not
indeed the river may rage yet he is not disturbed he is confident though the
disturbed he is confident though the
disturbed he is confident though the Jordan gushes into his mouth though he
Jordan gushes into his mouth though he
Jordan gushes into his mouth though he takes it in his eyes
takes it in his eyes
takes it in his eyes or one pierces his nose with a snare
or one pierces his nose with a snare
or one pierces his nose with a snare [Music]